CLOUDP-187090: Release bump and versioning strategy for go sdk (#108)
mongodb/atlas-sdk-go: docs/doc_1_concepts.md

2. When a new Versioned API Resource Version is introduced, the SDK undergoes breaking changes and the version identifier is incremented. For example, `vYYYYMMDD` will become `v20300101` if a major version was released one year later.
3. If there are other significant breaking changes in the SDK that are unrelated to the Versioned API, increment the last three digits of the major version.

#### Minor Version (vYYYYMMDDXXX.Y.0)

A minor version increment represents the Atlas Go SDK release based on iterations of the targeted Versioned API. When MongoDB adds new features or enhancements to the SDK that are backward-compatible with the previous minor version, increment the minor version.

#### Patch Version (vYYYYMMDDXXX.Y.Z)

A patch version increment indicates fixes and improvements in the SDK that do not affect users.

## Example Version: v20230201001.0.0

Let's break down the example version `v20230201001.0.0` to understand its components:

- Major version: `v20230201012.0.0`
  - `v`: Indicates the start of the version number.
  - `20230201`: The date of the Versioned API version that this SDK is using, in the format of `YYYYMMDD`.

>   - `001` starts from 001 and is incremented by 1 for every non-backward-compatible iteration targeting the specific API resource version.

Reviewer: @wtrocki the Major version's XXX above is `012`, not `001`

## Example

To learn more about using the SDK, see the [basic example](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go/blob/main/examples/basic/basic.go).

## Release Strategy (Semantic Versioning)

The Atlas Go SDK follows the Semantic Versioning (SemVer) specification. The versioning scheme used for this SDK is as follows: `vYYYYMMDDXXX.Y.Z`, where:

- `YYYYMMDDXXX` represents the major version number and includes the date of the [Versioned API Resource Version](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/api/versioned-api-overview/) used in the SDK followed by three digits for other possible breaking changes.
- `Y` represents the minor version number, indicating non-breaking iterations of the same Versioned API Resource.
- `Z` represents the patch version number, indicating non-user-affecting fixes in the SDK.

### Versioning Rules

#### Major Version (vYYYYMMDDXXX.0.0)

A major version increment signifies breaking changes in the SDK. The rules for major version increments are as follows:

> 1. When MongoDB introduces a new version of the Versioned API or the SDK undergoes breaking changes, increment the major version. For example, `vYYYYMMDD` will become `v20300101`.

Reviewer: When MongoDB introduces a new *resource* version of the Versioned API or the SDK undergoes breaking changes, increment the major version.
* For new API resource versions, formatted as `vYYYYMMDD`, the SDK major version becomes `vYYYYMMDD001`. For example, `v20300101` becomes `v20300101001`.
* To introduce SDK-level breaking changes on an already existing API resource version, the `XXX` part of the SDK's major version is incremented by 1. For example, `v20300101001` becomes `v20300101002`.

## Example

To learn more about using the SDK, see the [basic example](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go/blob/main/examples/basic/basic.go).

## Release Strategy (Semantic Versioning)

Atlas Go SDK is following the Semantic Versioning (SemVer) specification. The versioning scheme used for this SDK is as follows: `vYYYYMMDDXXX.Y.Z`, where:

- `YYYYMMDDXXX` represents the major version number and includes the date of the [Versioned API Resource Version](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/api/versioned-api-overview/) used in the SDK followed by three digits for other possible breaking changes.

> - `Y` represents the minor version number, indicating iterations of the same Versioned API Resource.

Reviewer: non-breaking iterations maybe?

Author: ```suggestion
- `Y` represents the minor version number, indicating non-breaking iterations of the same Versioned API Resource.
```

- `Z` represents the patch version number, indicating non-user-affecting fixes in the SDK.

### Versioning Rules

#### Major Version (vYYYYMMDDXXX.0.0)

> A major version increment signifies significant changes and possible breaking changes in the SDK. The rules for major version increments are as follows:

Reviewer: We need to be more explicit here: "A major version increment signifies breaking changes in the SDK."

Author: ```suggestion
A major version increment signifies breaking changes in the SDK. The rules for major version increments are as follows:
```

> 1. When the Versioned API version is introduced SDK undergoes breaking changes, the major version must be incremented.
> For example `vYYYYMMDD` will become `v20300101`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. When MongoDB introduces a new version of the Versioned API or the SDK undergoes breaking changes, increment the major version. For example, `vYYYYMMDD` will become `v20300101`.
```

> 1. When the Versioned API version is introduced SDK undergoes breaking changes, the major version must be incremented.

Reviewer: When an SDK release targets a new Versioned API resource version, the SDK's major version is mapped as follows: An API version `vYYYYMMDD` translates to SDK version `vYYYMMDD001.0.0`
For example, the API version `v20300101` translates to SDK version `v20300101001.0.0`

> 2. If there are other significant breaking changes in the SDK, not related to the Versioned API, the major version must also be incremented in the last 3 digits.

Reviewer: For any other breaking changes in the SDK, the major version must also be incremented in the last 3 digits.
For example: `v20300101001.0.0` will become `v20300101002.0.0`

> 3. The major version must include the date of the Versioned API and three digits for other possible breaking changes.

Reviewer: perhaps move that as the first point

> 3. The major version must include the date of the Versioned API and three digits for other possible breaking changes.

Reviewer 3: I took a shot at rephrasing this a little bit - I think it could be clearer. Please let me know if I've misunderstood anything, and feel free to take or leave these ideas:

```suggestion
1. When a new Versioned API version is introduced, the SDK undergoes breaking changes and the version identifier is incremented. For example `v20220101` would become `v20230101` if a major version was released one year later.
2. If there are other significant breaking changes in the SDK, unrelated to the Versioned API, the last 3 digits of the major version are also incremented.
3. The major version must include the date of the Versioned API and three digits for other possible breaking changes.
```

#### Minor Version (vYYYYMMDDXXX.Y.0)

A minor version increment represents iterations of the same Versioned API. The rules for minor version increments are as follows:

> 1. When new features or enhancements are added to the SDK that are backward-compatible with the previous minor version, the minor version must be incremented.

Reviewer 3: Optional suggestion to condense this - I see it mirrors the Major Version section, so if you expect to expand this please feel free to leave as-is. 
```suggestion
A minor version increment represents iterations of the same Versioned API. When new features or enhancements are added to the SDK that are backward-compatible with the previous minor version, the minor version is incremented.
```

#### Patch Version (vYYYYMMDDXXX.Y.Z)

> A patch version increment indicates non-user-affecting fixes and improvements in the SDK. 

Reviewer 3: Same suggestion as above for non-user-affecting
```suggestion
A patch version increment indicates non-user-affecting fixes and improvements in the SDK. 
```

### Example Version: v20230201001.0.0

Let's break down the example version `v20230201001.0.0` to understand its components:

- Major version: `v20230201001.0.0`
  - `v`: Indicates the start of the version number.

>   - `20230201001`: The date of the Versioned API that this SDK is using, in the format of `YYYYMMDD`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `20230201001`: The date of the Versioned API version that this SDK is using, in the format of `YYYYMMDD`.
```

>   - `20230201001`: The date of the Versioned API that this SDK is using, in the format of `YYYYMMDD`.

Reviewer 3: This seems to include extra characters beyond YYYYMMDD
```suggestion
  - `20230201`: The date of the Versioned API that this SDK is using, in the format of `YYYYMMDD`.
```

>   - `20230201001`: The date of the Versioned API that this SDK is using, in the format of `YYYYMMDD`.

Author: Solved

  - `0`: Reserved for future
  - `0`: Reserved for future

>   - `0`: Breaking change within that resource version

Reviewer 3: Suggest using different numbers to make this clearer
```suggestion
  - `0`: Reserved for future
  - `1`: Reserved for future
  - `2`: Breaking change within that resource version
```

>   - `0`: Breaking change within that resource version

Reviewer: I'd replace all 3 of the above lines with something like:
- `XXX` starts from `001` and is incremented by 1 for every non-backward-compatible iteration targeting the specific API resource version.

> In summary, the example version `v20230201001.0.0` represents the initial release of the Golang SDK library for the Versioned API dated February 1, 2023, with no other breaking changes, iterations, or fixes.

Reviewer 2: Question: Doesn't the 1 on the end indicate breaking change within the resource version?
```suggestion
In summary, the example version `v20230201001.0.0` represents the initial release of the Golang SDK library for the Versioned API dated February 1, 2023, with a breaking change in the resource version.
```

Author: 1 will not. It is an initial version so only folow up numbers will.

> 

Reviewer 3: I really like how the example then ties into the real product, but I suggest using a later version with varied numbers to better show this.
```suggestion
In summary, the example version `v20230201001.0.0` represents the initial release of the Golang SDK library for the Versioned API dated February 1, 2023, with no other breaking changes, iterations, or fixes.

```

> 

Reviewer: ## Example Version: v20230315001.0.0

This example demonstrates the publication of an SDK iteration that targets a new Versioned API resource version. Assume that the latest Versioned API resource version is v20230201 and the latest Go SDK published version is `v20230201003.2.5`. Now assume that resource version v20230315 is published on the Atlas Versioned API. The next iteration of the Go SDK will be `v20230315001.0.0`.

Author: Oudated slightly.

## Example

To learn more about using the SDK, see the [basic example](https://github.com/mongodb/atlas-sdk-go/blob/main/examples/basic/basic.go).

## Release Strategy (Semantic Versioning)

Atlas Go SDK is following the Semantic Versioning (SemVer) specification. The versioning scheme used for this SDK is as follows: `vYYYYMMDDXXX.Y.Z`, where:

> - `YYYYMMDDXXX` represents the major version number and includes the date of the Versioned API resource version used in the SDK followed by three digits for other possible breaking changes.

Reviewer: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/api/versioned-api-overview/
